Leor Maizel
leormaizel@gmail.com
www.leormzl.com

Work Experience:

Prophia
Senior Product Designer
May 2018 – Current
Sole & founding designer, employee #2, and key member at startup’s earliest stages. Helped drive original problem space research and validation; designed & spec'ed MVP features; designed logo and branding. To this day I am the sole IC, responsible for the research and design of the entire platform, including all customer and internal-facing functionality. I frequently serve as PM, owning requirement definition and release planning. I also manage a recurring research program with customers (including some of the largest commercial property owners in the world) to validate product ideas and generate insight for our product roadmap.

Socrata (Tyler Tech)
Product Designer
Jan 2017 – May 2018
Primary designer for Socrata’s new major product initiative–an internal data-sharing platform for government agencies; conducted generative & evaluative research to help determine MVP deliverables; led massive coordination effort to adapt existing platform UX to meet new requirements. My work toward this MVP directly contributed to the company’s attractiveness as an acquisition by Tyler Tech. Designed Socrata’s state-level financial transparency product, directly enabling the closing of Socrata's highest ARR deals.

BookingSuite (Booking.com)
User Experience Designer
Feb 2015 – Jan 2017
Primary IC designer for both of BookingSuite’s major new products: a hotel website CMS and a property management product. My role encompassed the entire product lifecycle, including generative research, requirement definition, prototyping, working with developers throughout the build process, and evaluative testing methodologies i.e. IA tree-testing, first-click analysis, and moderated eye-tracking usability sessions. After a strategic pivot, I led the design for integrating the above products into Booking.com’s existing B2B platform with a reach of over 1 million hotels.

PitchBook Data
User Experience Designer
Feb 2014 – Feb 2015
On this small product team, I was IC, PM, and mentor to two other designers. I served as one of two team leads, owning projects such as improving the platform’s primary search functionality, core financial data visualizations, and platform-wide LinkedIn and Excel integrations.

Optimal
User Experience Designer
Jun 2012 – Feb 2014
I led the redesign of two of the company's major new lead-gen website launches; conducted competitive & SEO research to plan new site content and features; designed site architecture and user flows; measured and optimized user engagement and conversion metrics, implemented designs in clean and responsive HTML/CSS; mentored new hires.

Education:

Whitman College
2004 – 2009
B.A. in Philosophy, minor in Politics; Graduated Magna Cum Laude